---
layout: post
title: KineMaster Premium
subtitle: All premium features unlocked
tags: [editing, mod]
---

KineMaster lets you create professional-quality videos in minutes!

Edit pre-made projects (or start a new project). Combine your own videos and images with incredible visual and audio effects. Then save your video to share with the world!

#NEW WAYS TO CREATE
• Browse and download useful, dynamic, and inspiring projects on the new Mix screen
• Find just the right KineMaster project, from among many, on the Search screen
• Manage your projects, or make a new project, on the Create screen
• Save your favorite projects and manage your KineMaster account on the Me screen

#MIX UP NEW CREATIONS
• Download a KineMaster project from Mix, then replace the videos and images
• Change as much as you want to make your video uniquely yours
• Add creative flourishes with thousands of visual and audio effects
• Write and edit text, then add effects and animations
• Install custom fonts to keep your brand consistent

#EDIT FOR IMPACT
• Combine videos, images, stickers, special effects, and more
• Add music, voiceovers, sound effects, and voice changers
• Defy time with reverse and speed control tools
• Get a different look with color filters and color adjustments
• Immerse yourself in sound with EQ presets, ducking, and volume envelope tools
• Use the keyframing tool to add custom motion graphics to almost anything

#SHARE YOUR WORK
• Import and export project files for collaboration and backup
• Save your video in high quality 4K at 30FPS
• Share your videos with the world

… And many, many more features, options, and settings!

Unlock even more with a KineMaster Premium subscription! A subscription removes the KineMaster watermark, offers an ad-free experience, and gives you unlimited access to the entire KineMaster Asset Store. Learn more by tapping the crown on the Create screen.

Find out why creators love KineMaster for social media promotions and why business owners, journalists, educators, and marketers use it professionally! Download KineMaster to edit and share your own amazing videos!

Subscriptions to KineMaster Premium automatically renew, where permitted, unless you cancel through Google Play.

For more information, please tap the question mark on the KineMaster Create screen. If you cannot find the solution you're looking for, contact KineMaster by tapping the E-mail Support button at the bottom of any FAQ article.

####Updated on Jun 14, 2022

#6 top grossing video players & editor
